# SweetTeam
Project Management System (SWEET TEAM) 

# - SUMMARY 
Sweet Team is a project management system in which project collaborators
have an account and the project managers add the collaborators to the project and 
the collaborators to the project and distribute the tasks to the collaborators for the
execution of the project. 

Employees are notified whenever they are added to a project or assigned a task. 
assigned a task, the collaborators responsible for the project have the privilege of
to follow the progress of the project in real time via reports generated by the system.
each task and project has a deadline determined by the person responsible.   

# - OBJECTIVE  
To develop a Project Management System, a web application that helps plan, monitor and manage projects, the work team and their tasks effectively.  

# - TOOLS USED  
    1- Visual Studio Code;
    2- Xampp (local database);
    3- Google Chrome (browser);
    4- Git (version control). 
 
# - TECHNOLOGY USED  
   1 - PHP 
   2 - BOOTSTRAP 
   3 - HTML 
   4 - CSS 

# - PROJECT FUNCTIONALITIES 
    1. User registration. 
    2. Login. 
    3. Register projects. 
    4. Add user to project. 
    5. Add task to project. 
    6. Assign a task to a user. 
    7. Edit the project deadline. 
    8. Edit a task's deadline. 
    9. Edit the project scope. 
    10. Edit the description of a task. 
    11. Edit the user profile. 
    12. Notify the user after they have been added to the project. 
    13. Notify the User after being assigned a task. 
    14. User lists tasks. 
    15. View the project report in real time. 
    16. Delete project. 
    17. Delete task. 
    18. Delete user from a project.
    
# - Developer information
    Developer Name: Jeremias Dinzinga
    Email: jeremias.antonio1999@gmail.com
    Linkedin:linkedin.com/in/jeremias-dinzingaa9867b221
    Phone:(+244) 941747137 | 952547647
